style(esl-event-targets): docs and code reformating (#1519)
exadel-inc/esl: src/modules/esl-event-listener/README.md

  <u>Type:</u> `string | PropertyProvider<string>`  
  <u>Description:</u> the event type for subscription.
  Can be provided as a string or via provider function that will be called right before the subscription.

  The event string (as a literal, or returned by `PropertyProvider`) can declare multiple event types separated by space.
  ESL will create a subscription (`ESLEventListener` object) for each event type in this case.

- #### `target` key

  <u>Type:</u> `string | EventTarget | EventTarget[] | PropertyProvider<string | EventTarget | EventTarget[]>`  
  <u>Default Value:</u> `host` object itself or `$host` key of the `host` object  
  <u>Description:</u> the key to declare exact EventTarget for the subscription.
  In case the `target` key is a string it is considered as a [`TraversingQuery`](../esl-traversing-query/README.md).
  The query finds a target relatively to `host | host.$host` object, or in bounds of the DOM tree if it is absolute.
  The `target` key also supports an exact reference for `EventTarget`(s).

  ⚠ Any `EventTarget` or even ESL `SynteticEventTarget` (including [`ESLMediaQuery`](../esl-media-query/README.md))
  can be a target for listener API.

>   ⚠ See [OOTB Extended Event Targets](#extended-event-targets) of ESL to know how to optimize frequent events handling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ⚠ See [OOTB Extended Event Targets](#extended-event-targets) of ESL to know how to optimize handling of frequent events.
```

---

## <a name="extended-event-targets">Extended `EventTarget`s and standard optimizations</a> <i class="badge badge-sup badge-warning">beta</i>

<a name="-esleventutilsdecorate"></a>

### ⚡ `ESLEventUtils.decorate` and `ESLEventTargetDecorator`

> In case the original event of the target happens too frequently to be handled every time,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case where original event of the target happens too frequently to be handled every time,
```

> it might be useful to limit its processing. In purpose to do that ESL allows creating decorated`EventTargets`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
it might be useful to limit its processing. In purpose to do that ESL allows creating decorated `EventTargets`.
```

passed original `EventTarget` event emitting. The instances of `ESLEventTargetDecorator` are lazy
and do not subscribe to the original event until they have their own subscriptions of the same event type.

⚠ Note `ESLEventUtils.decorate` method is cached, so created instances will be reused if the inner cache does not
refuse additional arguments of the decorator. The cache does not handle multiple and non-primitive arguments.

```typescript
ESLEventUtils.decorate(
  target: EventTarget,
  decorator: (fn: EventListener, ...args: any[]) => EventListener,
  ...args: any[]
): ESLEventTargetDecorator;
```

**Parameters**:

- `target` - original `EventTarget` to consume events;
- `decorator` - decoration function to decorate original target `EventListener`s;
- `args` - optional arguments to pass to `decorator`.

#### Sharing of the decorated targets

As was mentioned above, method `ESLEventUtils.decorate` (alias for `ESLEventTargetDecorator.cached`) comes with
out of a cache for simple cases. But in some cases, we might be interested in creating wrappers with a complex
param or we want to limit params usage across the project.

> It might sound obvious, but there is no any restrictions to sharing exact instances instead of using method cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It might sound obvious, but there are no restrictions on sharing exact instances instead of using method cache.
```

```typescript
// shared-event-targets.ts
export const DEBOUNCED_WINDOW = ESLEventUtils.decorate(window, debounce, 1000);
```

```typescript
// module.ts
class Component {
  @listen({event: 'resize', target: DEBOUNCED_WINDOW})
  onResize() {}
}
```

#### Optimize `window.resize` handling with debouncing

```typescript
import {debounce} from '.../debounce';

ESLEventUtils.subscribe(host, {
  event: 'resize',
  target: /* instead just window */ ESLEventUtils.decorate(window, debounce, 250)
}, onResizeDebounced);
```

> The sample above allows you to reuse debounced by 250 seconds version of the window,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample above allows you to reuse debounced by 250 milliseconds version of the window,
```

to receive fewer `resize` events
(same as any other event types observed on debounced window version)

#### Optimize `window.scroll` handling with throttling

```typescript
import {throttle} from '.../throttle';

ESLEventUtils.subscribe(host, {
  event: 'scroll',

>   target: /* instead just window */ ESLEventUtils.decorate(window, throttle, 250)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  target: /* instead just window */ ESLEventUtils.decorate(window, throttle, 250)
```
```suggestion
  target: /* instead of window */ ESLEventUtils.decorate(window, throttle, 250)
```

}, onScrollThrottled);
```

> The sample above allows you to reuse throttled by 250 seconds version of the window,
> to receive no more than one event per 250 seconds `scroll` events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample above allows you to reuse throttled by 250 milliseconds version of the window,
to receive no more than one event per 250 milliseconds `scroll` events
```

(same as any other event types observed on debounced window version)

<a name="-esleventutilsresize"></a>

### ⚡ `ESLEventUtils.resize` and `ESLResizeObserverTarget`

When you deal with responsive interfaces, you might need to observe an element resizes instead of

> responding to the whole window change. The native DOM API have a tool for that - ResizeObserver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
responding to the whole window change. The native DOM API have a tool for that - the `ResizeObserver`.
```

> responding to the whole window change. The native DOM API have a tool for that - the `ResizeObserver`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
responding to the whole window change. The native DOM API has a tool for that - the `ResizeObserver`.
```

> responding to the whole window change. The native DOM API have a tool for that - the `ResizeObserver`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
responding to the whole window change. The native DOM API have a tool for this - the `ResizeObserver`.
```

> responding to the whole window change. The native DOM API have a tool for that - the `ResizeObserver`.

Author: ```suggestion
responding to the whole window change. There is a tool for this in the native DOM API - `ResizeObserver'.
```

> The only problem it does not uses events, while on practice we work with it in the same way.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The only problem it does not use events, while on practice we work with it in the same way.
```

`ESLEventUtils.resize` creates cached `ResizeObserver` adaptation to `EventTarget` (`ESLResizeObserverTarget`)

> that allows you get `resize` events when the observed element changes its size.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
that allows you to get `resize` events when the observed element changes its size.
```

```typescript
ESLEventUtils.resize(el: Element): ESLResizeObserverTarget;
```

**Parameters**:

- `el` - `Element` to observe size changes.

`ESLResizeObserverTarget` creates itself once for an observed object with a weak reference-based cache.

> So any way of creating `ESLResizeObserverTarget` will always produce the same instance.
> 
> `ESLEventUtils.resize(el) /**always*/ === ESLEventUtils.resize(el)`
> So there is no reason to cache it manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So any way of creating `ESLResizeObserverTarget` will always produce the same instance.

`ESLEventUtils.resize(el) /**always*/ === ESLEventUtils.resize(el)`
So there is no reason to cache it manually.
```
```suggestion
So any way of creating `ESLResizeObserverTarget` will always produce the same instance.

`ESLEventUtils.resize(el) /**always*/ === ESLEventUtils.resize(el)`
And there is no reason to cache it manually.
```
